#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-countries
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.6
    # via
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
code-annotations==1.5.0
    # via edx-toggles
cryptography==41.0.2
    # via
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
django==3.2.20
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-braces
    #   django-crispy-forms
    #   django-crum
    #   django-lang-pref-middleware
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-soapbox
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   edx-toggles
    #   pinax-announcements
    #   social-auth-app-django
django-appconf==1.0.5
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-braces==1.15.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-countries==7.5.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-crispy-forms==2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
django-lang-pref-middleware==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-model-utils==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-soapbox==1.6.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-waffle==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
django-webpack-loader==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
djangorestframework-csv==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via edx-drf-extensions
edx-analytics-data-api-client==0.18.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-auth-backends==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-ccx-keys==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-django-release-util==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-django-utils==5.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   edx-toggles
edx-drf-extensions==8.8.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-i18n-tools==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-opaque-keys==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-rest-api-client==5.5.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-toggles==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
idna==3.4
    # via requests
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via code-annotations
libsass==0.22.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
logutils==0.3.5
    # via -r requirements/base.in
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via jinja2
newrelic==8.8.1
    # via edx-django-utils
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
path==16.7.1
    # via
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   path-py
path-py==12.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
pbr==5.11.1
    # via stevedore
pinax-announcements==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
polib==1.2.0
    # via edx-i18n-tools
psutil==5.9.5
    # via edx-django-utils
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   social-auth-core
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via edx-django-utils
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via edx-drf-extensions
python-slugify==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   code-annotations
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via social-auth-core
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-i18n-tools
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-analytics-data-api-client
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   slumber
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via social-auth-core
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via edx-drf-extensions
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   python-dateutil
slumber==0.7.1
    # via edx-rest-api-client
social-auth-app-django==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.4.2
    # via
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via django
stevedore==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
typing-extensions==4.7.1
    # via
    #   asgiref
    #   django-countries
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via djangorestframework-csv
urllib3==2.0.4
    # via requests
