#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
alabaster==0.7.13
    # via sphinx
asgiref==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
    #   django-countries
babel==2.12.1
    # via sphinx
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
code-annotations==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-toggles
cryptography==40.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
django==3.2.18
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-braces
    #   django-crispy-forms
    #   django-crum
    #   django-lang-pref-middleware
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-soapbox
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   edx-toggles
    #   pinax-announcements
    #   social-auth-app-django
django-appconf==1.0.5
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-braces==1.15.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-countries==7.5.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-crispy-forms==2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
django-lang-pref-middleware==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-model-utils==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-soapbox==1.6.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-waffle==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
django-webpack-loader==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
djangorestframework-csv==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
docutils==0.19
    # via sphinx
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-analytics-data-api-client==0.18.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-auth-backends==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-ccx-keys==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-django-release-util==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-django-utils==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   edx-toggles
edx-drf-extensions==8.6.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-i18n-tools==0.9.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-opaque-keys==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-rest-api-client==5.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-sphinx-theme==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
edx-toggles==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
future==0.18.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwkest
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==6.4.1
    # via sphinx
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   sphinx
libsass==0.22.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
logutils==0.3.5
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jinja2
newrelic==8.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
packaging==23.1
    # via sphinx
path==16.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   path-py
path-py==12.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
pbr==5.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
pinax-announcements==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
polib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
psutil==5.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwkest
pygments==2.15.0
    # via sphinx
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
pyjwt[crypto]==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   social-auth-core
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
python-slugify==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   babel
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-i18n-tools
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-analytics-data-api-client
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   pyjwkest
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   slumber
    #   social-auth-core
    #   sphinx
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-sphinx-theme
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-dateutil
slumber==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
social-auth-app-django==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sphinx==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/doc.in
    #   edx-sphinx-theme
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.4
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinx
sqlparse==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python-slugify
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-countries
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   djangorestframework-csv
urllib3==1.26.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
zipp==3.15.0
    # via importlib-metadata
