#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    make upgrade
#
-e git+https://github.com/python-social-auth/social-app-django.git@ffa0fb99a80d11479bea2c4eae9a01ee835d52b9#egg=social-auth-app-django
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
asgiref==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
astroid==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
awesome-slugify==1.6.5
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
blessings==1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   curtsies
bok-choy==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
bpython==0.21
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
certifi==2021.5.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.14.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==2.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
click==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/pip_tools.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   pip-tools
code-annotations==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-toggles
coverage==5.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==3.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pyjwt
curtsies==0.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   bpython
cwcwidth==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   bpython
    #   curtsies
ddt==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
django==3.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-braces
    #   django-crum
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-lang-pref-middleware
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-soapbox
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   edx-toggles
    #   pinax-announcements
    #   rest-condition
django-appconf==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-braces==1.14.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-countries==7.2.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-crispy-forms==1.12.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
django-debug-toolbar==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-dynamic-fixture==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-lang-pref-middleware==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-model-utils==4.1.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-soapbox==1.6.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-waffle==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
django-webpack-loader==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
djangorestframework==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   rest-condition
djangorestframework-csv==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
drf-jwt==1.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-analytics-data-api-client==0.17.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-auth-backends==3.4.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-ccx-keys==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-release-util==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-utils==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   edx-toggles
edx-drf-extensions==6.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-i18n-tools==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-opaque-keys==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-rest-api-client==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-toggles==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
elasticsearch==2.4.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pyjwkest
greenlet==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   bpython
httpretty==1.1.3
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
idna==3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
isort==4.3.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
jinja2==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
lazy==1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   bok-choy
lazy-object-proxy==1.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   astroid
libsass==0.11.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
logutils==0.3.5
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
more-itertools==8.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
newrelic==6.6.0.162
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
packaging==21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
path==16.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   path.py
path.py==12.5.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pbr==5.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   stevedore
pep517==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/pip_tools.txt
    #   pip-tools
pinax-announcements==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pip-tools==6.2.0
    # via -r requirements/pip_tools.txt
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
polib==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
psutil==5.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
py==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
pycodestyle==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pycparser==2.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pyjwkest
pydocstyle==6.1.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pygments==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   bpython
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
pyjwt[crypto]==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   social-auth-core
pylint==2.4.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
pymongo==3.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   packaging
pytest==5.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==2.12.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-django==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
python-slugify==5.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
pyxdg==0.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   bpython
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-i18n-tools
regex==2021.7.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   awesome-slugify
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   bpython
    #   edx-analytics-data-api-client
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   pyjwkest
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   slumber
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   social-auth-core
rest-condition==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
selenium==3.141.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   bok-choy
semantic-version==2.8.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   astroid
    #   blessings
    #   bok-choy
    #   django-braces
    #   django-dynamic-fixture
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   libsass
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-dateutil
    #   social-auth-app-django
    #   social-auth-core
    #   transifex-client
slumber==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
snowballstemmer==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pydocstyle
social-auth-core==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
stevedore==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
testfixtures==6.18.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python-slugify
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
tomli==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/pip_tools.txt
    #   pep517
transifex-client==0.12.4
    # via -r requirements/local.in
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   djangorestframework-csv
unidecode==0.4.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   awesome-slugify
urllib3==1.26.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   selenium
    #   transifex-client
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
wheel==0.36.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/pip_tools.txt
    #   pip-tools
wrapt==1.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   astroid

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
